_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
# subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  # more_info: >
  #   <p>555 your office number aaa</p>
  #   <p>123 your address street</p>
  #   <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: false # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: false # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---
I am Yuto Nozaki, a second-year master’s student at [Sugiyama-Yokoya-Ishida lab](https://www.ms.k.u-tokyo.ac.jp/) supervised by [Prof. Sugiyama](https://www.ms.k.u-tokyo.ac.jp/sugi/index.html).
Also, I am working as a part-timer at [The National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST)](https://www.aist.go.jp/index_en.html).
Current research interests include:
- Signal processing
  - Sound event localization and detection (SELD)
  - Sound source localization
  - Sound source separation
  - Speech synthesis
- Weakly supervised learning 
  - Positive-unlabeled (PU) learning
  - Noisy label learning

<!-- Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them. -->

Commit message:

add history and fund section in about.md

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
# subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  # more_info: >
  #   <p>555 your office number aaa</p>
  #   <p>123 your address street</p>
  #   <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: false # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: false # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---
### Biography
I am Yuto Nozaki, a second-year master’s student at [Sugiyama-Yokoya-Ishida lab](https://www.ms.k.u-tokyo.ac.jp/) supervised by [Prof. Sugiyama](https://www.ms.k.u-tokyo.ac.jp/sugi/index.html).
Also, I am working as a part-timer at [The National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST)](https://www.aist.go.jp/index_en.html).


### Research interests
- Signal processing
  - Sound event localization and detection (SELD)
  - Sound source localization
  - Sound source separation
  - Speech synthesis
- Weakly supervised learning 
  - Positive-unlabeled (PU) learning
  - Noisy label learning


### Academic History
- 2019/04 – 2023/03:  [Bachelor of Information Science, The University of Tokyo](https://www.is.s.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/)
- 2023/04 – Present:  [Master of Computer Science, The University of Tokyo](https://www.is.s.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/)


### Fund
- 2023/12 - 2024/07:  野﨑雄斗, 大嶽匡俊, 加藤大地, 廣岡聖司, “日本語版の世界観を崩さないアニメの自動吹き替え,” 産業技術総合研究所, [2023 年度ディープテック人材育成事業「覚醒」](https://kakusei.aist.go.jp/r5/), 300 万円

<!-- Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them. -->
